Sister.
It's fun.
Our Master is pregnant with Your Majesty's first dragon.
This is national joy.
Therefore, the emperor was specially made a noble concubine.
I have seen the Queen Mother.
Four Hy Seedlings
You fight the Lord.
It's a little soft.
The princess is cruel.
How could such a man meet the emperor?
Your Majesty is coming.
The pregnant princess cannot wait in the room.
So the king came looking for you.
Speak to Your Majesty.
The bow to sunflower perfume
Weak body
You're asleep.
Yes.
Master
If you don't hold your majesty tonight,
His Majesty will go to the other concubines.
That's what I mean.
Go get Dr. Choi here.
Yes.
Watch The Queen
brother
Stand up.
Four Years
I did what you said.
Use orchid powder to regain grace for the princess
Thank you for your brother's help.
Four Years
You and I have known each other since childhood.
I should help you.
But now the vice-emperor of the Kunning Palace
What are you going to do next?
The higher the climb
Falling worse.
Your Majesty, please wait a moment.
Give me the Ylang pollen.
Master, you are pregnant now.
Cannot be served
I didn't sleep.
Do you want to bring the emperor to push the women in the palace?
Dr. Choi said my fetus was stable.
Can be served
Give it to me.
Your Majesty.